Update CHANGELOG.md (#4800)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

4.61.3
==========
### Bug Fixes

> - Exclude using WSTrust for ROPC flow except for AAD. See [Issue #4791](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4791)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Exclude the use of WSTrust for ROPC flow except for AAD accounts. See [Issue #4791](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4791)
```
